Find Welcome Back in this video we're looking at viewing previous commits which is going to be a short
video.
But just remember that the commits are stored in your don't get folder or in the remote repository if
you upload your repository to a get service like get help.
And it is useful that you are able to view what commits have happened in the past.
There's an easy command for that which is get long.
And that gives you a log of what has happened in it.
In this case we've only done one commit.
So the only thing we get here is this which is commit and then the code the author notice how the has
the amended e-mail address the date and the commit message.
There's a couple of options.
If there's loads of options that you can give get a log that will format this differently.
But here's a couple of them that are quite useful.
Good log dash dash one line only gives you a shortened version of the commit code and a one liner with
the commit message.
Another one which we don't really have the option to see in this moment in time is dash dash graph and
that would give you a graphical representation of the commits.
And we're going to be looking at exactly what that means as we make more commits especially in the next
few sections.
That's everything for this video that is how you can view previous comments.
And this is arguably the most popular way to do it.
Good luck.
Dash dash one line as you make commits and especially if you're working with other people it's important
to keep track of what commits other people are doing.
So remember to check the log every now and then.
That's it for this video.
And I see you in the next one.